In the previous lesson,
we learned about three windowing approaches.
Tumbling, hopping and sliding windows.
Remember that sliding and hopping are related windowing approaches,
but that sliding is typically implemented as a very minimal hopping increment.
Faust provides tumbling and hopping windows,
but doesn't provide a sliding window type.
Now, you can approximate it with your own hopping window definition if you'd like.
Windows only applied at tables.
Windows define what period of data we should keep for aggregated data.
Tumbling windows take only one argument,
the size of the window.
The argument is specified as a Python timedelta.
So the onscreen example is a five-minute tumbling window.
Hopping windows take two arguments: the size of the window and the step.
In the example on screen,
we've again defined a size of five minutes.
However, we've also defined that we'd like our hopping windows step to be one-minute.
Both tumbling and hopping windows accept an optional expires key,
which tells Faust how long to maintain the data for each window.
So here we've said,
keep the data for 60 minutes,
which means that all the window data,
even if it's a previous window that's no longer current,
will be kept for at least an hour.